>> Brian Holt: If we go back to, and
I pushed v2-21 if anyone
needs a new bundle or
a new whatever, a new branch.
So if we do npm run test right now
it's just gonna barf all over us.
I don't think any of them pass.
>> Brian Holt: So let's do npm.
>> Brian Holt: So snapshot failed,
3 tests failed, 0 passed, right?
Everything broke in this process.
Because we introduced Redux, and
Redux just threw a whole of
wrenches into our tests, rIght?
Because now our components
depend on Redux being there,
and the way that they get Redux injected
into them is through a provider, and
provider is provided through the route.
Sorry, through the router.
And so, because the router is not present,
we have to somehow account for that.
>> Brian Holt: So let's go do that.
So go back to Search.js.
>> Brian Holt: So down here at the bottom
we're exporting a connected search.
But this doesn't actually
gonna work because,
unless Redux has to be there or
connect is gonna fail.
So how can we get around that?
Well, you'll see it's pretty common
in these sort of scenarios for
people to do something like this.
They're gonna say export
const Unwrapped = Search.
So this Unwrapped right here is purely for
testing purposes.
So it's the same component it's
just not wrapped inside of Redux.
So now we can go back to search.spec.js.
>> Brian Holt: And
up here at the top where we import search,
we can also import.
>> Brian Holt: Unwrapped.
>> Brian Holt: As UnwrappedSearch.
>> Brian Holt: The reason I do this is
I rename it to be UnwrappedSearch so
it's a little bit more
clear what Unwrapped is.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
So now I have this that's
not dependent on Redux.
So here on Search I can make this,
instead of being Search,
it can be UnwrappedSearch.
And then I just have to pass the same
things that Redux would have passed
in, right?
So I passed in shows=.
>> Brian Holt: And
searchTerm= empty string, right?
Those are the two things that Redux
would have passed into search.
But we can just kind of like, manually
do it to get it up and going, okay?
So I'm just gonna comment
out the other two tests so
we can just test this first test.
I saved that and come back here and
try and run npm test again.
>> Brian Holt: So our snapshot is
failing cuz compared to last time,
we now have abstracted out our header,
right?
Which is a connected header.
Whereas before we had the header
just written straight in there.
This is what we expect, this is good, so
now we're going to run
npm run update-test.
>> Brian Holt: And
now we have a new snapshot, and
we have fixed our first test.